I haven't seen you in quite some time
I was just looking in the hallway at all
the photos since you were on the
leftovers I think was the last time that
you were here yeah I was pregnant with
my baby girl yes you're pregnant with
the yeah you did not I feel like you hid
that from me yes you are
you moved also out of the country since
then yes we I'm living in London I fell
in love with an Englishman uh-huh and
did you why did you go there did you see
Trump coming or did you your husband's
work keeps him there yeah he lives there
his work keeps him there and he has a
son and we just Brady Bunch
gotcha how old are your children now my
eldest is 15 okay David's sons 12 great
and then my four-year-old boy Saylor and
Lula is three so do the kids now think
of themselves as Americans in England
they just think of themselves as as
English children Milo is a little bit of
a reluctantly he's a real New Yorker
he's got American accent but the babies
have complete English act is there
anything cuter than little kids speaking
like that I mean is the best it's very
sweet but I'm always reminding them
because they say the English words for
everything so they'll say like the
stroller they call it a buggy they trash
cans have been and I'm always like so
they'll say the English version like
chips and I'll say you mean you want
some french fries are trying to remind
them but now I started saying oh you're
saying their words yeah that's what
happens to you and before you know it
you'll be rooting for the wrong team at
the Olympics and what is your London is
a great city yeah I mean yeah what is
your least favorite thing about living
there and being away from the United
States it's really funny because it's
really basic things like the 24-hour
clock just I can't get my head around it
okay I don't know what 19 o'clock means
I can't yeah I have to have a chart in
the kitchen and Celsius and Fahrenheit
oh forget about it really gets me see
you've been there a while you still
haven't figured that out silly it's
really silly yeah I should figure and
driving I'm too
scared to drive on that side which is
weird because I'm a good driver here
uh-huh well you know because everybody's
on the wrong side of the road yeah I
mean oh yeah rules like pedestrians do
not have the right-of-way in England at
all so that there's a sort of different
things that now you mentioned this to
one of our producers and that you said
that you have some confusion with the
street signs there and this I started
going through these and this is
unbelievable to me now can maybe you can
help tell us what I'm not sure if you
even know what these now what does now
I'm gonna ask our audience what does
this mean to you
right this is a bicycle zone right a
bicycle lane well guess what this
actually means no bicycling and yet
there's no crop but then you've got this
and this means the national speed limit
applies well you really don't know
what's going on now this this confusing
sign means no waiting okay okay hey you
tell me if I ever do but this means no
Motor Vehicles everything is no I mean
like when they got this ghostbusters
over there they must have been like what
the hell is going on this is one I never
saw before this is t-junction with
priority over vehicles from the right
now what do you think this beats Wow no
idea I've never seen though this means
no vehicles carrying explosives if I saw
this sign I'd be like boy I should get
some explosives I and this one is
interesting this is Harry potter-themed
this is no Wizards allowed
so we've learned that you should
probably just take a cab when you're I
actually take black cabs everywhere you
do and I have so much fun in the black
cab drivers
oh my god I interviewed that my asking a
million questions but they're very sweet
well they they have to take with these
very extensive tests to become a taxi
driver I see or four years they drive
around on these little Vespas and they
have to know every single street in
London so they actually know what
they're talking about
so you're saying compared to maybe New
York your husband is a sports agent
right or your fiancee he used to play
football he did when he was a kid
uh-huh through all his teens and I guess
he stopped in his early 20s at
Manchester United when he was a kid I
don't know how all that works I know
nothing about mr. United that's the top
of the thing so he didn't see like I
stopped when I was a kid which was nine
all these trophies and stuff when he was
a kid which makes him more spoiled than
me I'm always like I'm the rock stars
kid and he grew up and such a like in
the house especially with his family
it's all about football every weekend
everybody's standing out in the cold
freezing all to watch their do you go to
the games with him since he is I do
sometimes
enjoy that uh I do I just have no idea
what's going on I just hear that it's so
far away
I'm football I call it football now see
I'm getting it on it's so far away
because your seats are not good or why
no it's just so it's like a basketball
game here right there I feel like yes
gonna even base I don't know there's
something about soccer but it feels very
far away and this the pitch is huge and
there's a lot of chanting and and you're
not answer crazy the rules are oh yeah
the chair knows I have no idea he's
tried to explain their assault have you
learned any of the songs or chance or
anything like that always just so
surprised cuz we'll sit down and there's
kids everywhere and families and I'm
like oh my god this is so inappropriate
cuz they're shouting and I got that
I'm turning around now I just wanna
mention our audience at home live you
didn't hear it cuz you heard a bleep but
live just it's a very very bad girl like
far beyond what we imagined they were
going until they get here you assess the
patient excuse us excuse Marjan talk to
the family see if he has any allergies
Matteo move these people back so we have
some room to work thank you you may give
us some room to work this scene belongs
to us you must have missed the part
where they made me the captain of the
126 Michelle Blake paramedic captain and
this scene is medical so I run the call
[Applause]
was really scared I would imagine that
as an actor
watching television oh you don't really
I'm learning no but that was my first
day and I had to come in and cut someone
open and save their life but somebody's
there watching you and telling you like
yeah this is how it should be done and
you have no idea whether that person
actually knows if it's Viggo there a
paramedic and I go as far as you know
see I was in charge of the show I'd get
some weirdo to go over and say he was a
paramedic you'd be like excuse me I have
to cut your butt
and then everybody would go nuts yeah
yeah so Rob Lowe is are you his boss on
the show no so he's the fire captain
okay he comes from New York he's a New
York City firefighter he moves down to
Austin and I am the paramedic captain
but in most states I don't know it's a
different rule where I sort he normally
would be the boss but in this part of
Texas
we both are captains and it's true
assumed that he was forced out of New
York because he was too handsome to work
in the fire department there they're
like you're actually starting fires with
your face we need you to go to a more
wide open area like Texas so that and
the calls are are like they're not like
old lady fell down in the bathtub type
of cause they're like crazy stuff right
most of them are true but just they're
not really taken for really they
research everything and they come up
with these crazy I mean like what but
production is wild it's like everyday
it's such a big I go there and I'm like
whoa what's going on it's like being in
Universal Studios like theme park kind
of ever because they're creating an
emergency each day yeah and there's yep
like if there's a car crash or there's I
can't say cuz there's things coming up
we've already shot but yesterday I was
with a bull concept a natural real bull
really it was like I was terrified they
don't have to be standing there with the
bull and then as the day went on they
said oh no he's trained and I said how
do you train a bull I didn't understand
but he actually is like a puppy dog I
actually had to rewrite some of the
scene because he's so sweet why didn't
they tell you at the beginning of the
day that he was trained in that event
Deana you're so terrified of yeah
because it's a bull yeah he was very
relaxed just chewing on his hay and
looking up at the sky actually we're
talking during the commercial break your
dad of course Steven Tyler who I'm sure
everybody asked you about all the time
and I'm sorry if it's annoying but by
the way your dad's like hung out came
and hung out with us here one day and he
is I mean just endlessly amusing like he
went around and talked to everybody
it was unbelievable he is performing at
the Grammys this weekend with Aerosmith
that's a pretty bit will you go and
watch him
I don't think I'm gonna go this weekend
because I'm filming and our hours are
kind of crazy you'll be with the bull
yeah when you know Nicole Richie was
here and I was asking her about Lionel
her dad and what what goes you know what
you feel because you know everybody when
you watch her parents sing it's like a
weirdly a volatile you get do you have
do you is it cool for you to watch your
dad sing or I mean yeah he's pretty
amazing
I love yeah he's amazing as a performer
he doesn't have us anything like he
really is singing his heart out so I'm
actually usually pretty impressed that
he's still but he does things that
embarrass me yeah he does it embarrasses
you right something has Mike stand there
in Vegas right now so there's like clips
of it so he's really humping his mic
stand he's like taking his mic stand to
the room and humping it up there
well it's very good to see you welcome
back to the United States this show if
you haven't seen is called 911 star
Monday nights on Fox live Tyler
everybody
I am Jimmy Kimmel give back this holiday
season in a fun way by my new book the
serious goose I wrote it and through it
all of my ma goes to children's
hospitals across the country or watch
another gaming video and don't help kids
it's up to you